1. It did not fully implement my spec. There were 3 failed findings out of 23 and warnings out of 23 on the first try. After this, I simply told Copilot to review these findings and fix them, which it did onits first try. 

2. I had to personally create a .gitignore. I completely forgot about it in the spec, so I definitely should've worked on my spec a little better. Also, I personally changed the ordering of how the quizzes went. So, in my spec, I told it that my quiz app should ask for questions first before logging in, which is illogical in a sense, so i personally changed the order, so the user has to first login before being given the questions. Lastly, I also completely forgot to note that score history and liked/disliked questions should be presented to the user when logged in, so the user can see their history. SO for a little while, there was a encrypted database for score-history and liked/disliked questions that could never be shown to the user.

3. AI caught a lot issues. I'd say half/half were actually valid points and some were just extra. For example, it flagged that some of my security risks, saying that my key was hardcoded for any one to use and access, and also general coding style mismatches and bad practices. However, it also flagged issues such as efficiency of comparisons when logging in. All the other warning were caused merely by my bad SPEC, such as logical flow of the interface and what details should be rpesented.

4. I should default detail more of how a flow of the application should work. Something like a step by step of login, overview of options (score history, like questions, start quiz...), how to answer questions (hint vs response), how to like questions, score calculations. Not only would help AI know what to do, but also for me to envision what I'd like to see in the application. 

5. After doing this, I can definitely see how this a great approach of using AI. This however, is a little unnesscary for projects like this, but I can definitely how massive scale projects that require multiple team members would need this sort of organization to fully utilize AI effectively. Even just a simple project like this had a lot of issues that would've gone unnoticed without the spec, so large-scale projects would hevily benefit.